10.2 Bugs
======

我们还从来没有发布过一个带有已知 BUG 的 NASM 版本.但我们未知的 BUG 从来就是不停地出现.你发现了任何 BUG，应当首先通过在`https://sourceforge.net/projects/nasm/`(点击 bug)的`bugtracker`提交给我们，如果上述方法不行，请通过 1.2 中的某一个联系方式.

请先阅读 2.2，请不要把列在那儿的作为特性的东西作为 BUG 提交给我们.(如果你认为这个特性很不好，请告诉我们你认为它应当被修改的原因，而不是仅仅给我们一个`这是一个 BUG`)然后请阅读 10.1，请不要把已经列在那里的 BUG 提交给我们.

如果你提交一个 bug，请给我们下面的所有信息.

 *  What operating system you're running NASM under. DOS, Linux, NetBSD, Win16, Win32, VMS (I'd be impressed), whatever.
 *  If you're running NASM under DOS or Win32, tell us whether you've compiled your own executable from the DOS source archive, or whether you were using the standard distribution binaries out of the archive. If you were using a locally built executable, try to reproduce the problem using one of the standard binaries, as this will make it easier for us to reproduce your problem prior to fixing it.
 *  Which version of NASM you're using, and exactly how you invoked it. Give us the precise command line, and the contents of the `NASMENV' environment variable if any.
 *  Which versions of any supplementary programs you're using, and how you invoked them. If the problem only becomes visible at link time, tell us what linker you're using, what version of it you've got, and the exact linker command line. If the problem involves linking against object files generated by a compiler, tell us what compiler, what version, and what command line or options you used. (If you're compiling in an IDE, please try to reproduce the problem with the command-line version of the compiler.)
 *  If at all possible, send us a NASM source file which exhibits the problem. If this causes copyright problems (e.g. you can only reproduce the bug in restricted-distribution code) then bear in mind the following two points: firstly, we guarantee that any source code sent to us for the purposes of debugging NASM will be used _only_ for the purposes of debugging NASM, and that we will delete all our copies of it as soon as we have found and fixed the bug or bugs in question; and secondly, we would prefer _not_ to be mailed large chunks of code anyway. The smaller the file, the better. A three-line sample file that does nothing useful _except_ demonstrate the problem is much easier to work with than a fully fledged ten-thousand-line program. (Of course, some errors _do_ only crop up in large files, so this may not be possible.)
 *  A description of what the problem actually _is_. `It doesn't work` is _not_ a helpful description! Please describe exactly what is happening that shouldn't be, or what isn't happening that should. Examples might be: `NASM generates an error message saying Line 3 for an error that's actually on Line 5`; `NASM generates an error message that I believe it shouldn't be generating at all`; `NASM fails to generate an error message that I believe it _should_ be generating`; `the object file produced from this source code crashes my linker`; `the ninth byte of the output file is 66 and I think it should be 77 instead`.
 *  If you believe the output file from NASM to be faulty, send it to us. That allows us to determine whether our own copy of NASM generates the same file, or whether the problem is related to portability issues between our development platforms and yours. We can handle binary files mailed to us as MIME attachments, uuencoded, and even BinHex. Alternatively, we may be able to provide an FTP site you can upload the suspect files to; but mailing them is easier for us.
 *  Any other information or data files that might be helpful. If, for example, the problem involves NASM failing to generate an object file while TASM can generate an equivalent file without trouble, then send us _both_ object files, so we can see what TASM is doing differently from us.
